[WX-1361] Remove Confusing Error Message (#7449)
broadinstitute/cromwell: CHANGELOG.md

## 88 Release Notes

> ### Improved logging behavior
> When Cromwell restarts during a workflow that is failing, it no longer reports pending tasks as a reason for that failure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Improved status reporting behavior

When Cromwell restarts during a workflow that is failing, it no longer reports pending tasks as a reason for that failure. 
```
